Week of May 5 (#340)
xregistry/spec: core/spec.md

    attributes defined at the `groups.resources.attributes` level.
    The only duplicate names allowed are specification defined attributes
    such as `self` and `xid`, and the Version-specific values MUST be
    overridden by the Resource-level values when serialized.

- `groups."STRING".resources."STRING".metaattributes`
  <span id="model.metaattributes"></span>
  - See [`attributes`](#model.attributes) above.
  - OPTIONAL.
  - The list of attributes associated with the Resource, not its Versions,
    that will appear in the `meta` sub-object of the Resource.

Clarifying the  usage of the `attributes`, `resourceattributes` and
`metaattributes`:
- The serialization of the Resource is meant to be (almost) interchangeable
  with the serialization of a Version of that Resource. This will allow users
  to process either entity without needing to know if they were provided the
  Resource itself or a specific Version in most cases.
- To enable this, most of the Resource-specific data (e.g. its
  `defaultversionid`), is serialized under the `meta` sub-object. This avoids
  potential name conflicts between Version and Resource-level attributes, as

>   well a avoiding making the serialization of the Resource too verbose/noisy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  well as avoiding making the serialization of the Resource too verbose/noisy.
```

I caught your deliberate mistake just to check whether I was reviewing ;)

Author: if only I was that smart/sneaky!

- However, there are some Resource-level attributes, that if placed in the
  `meta` sub-object, would appear to be misplaced. For example, the `versions`
  collection attributes could be confusing to users since `meta` is not
  the direct parent/owner of the "versions" collection, the Resource is.

>   Especially when considering the URL path to access it.

Reviewer: This isn't a sentence at the moment - let's talk about how we make it one. (I don't understand it quite well enough to make a suggestion.)

Author: tried to make it a sentence, see what you think

- Additionally, some common attributes (e.g. `self`) need to appear on both

>   Resources as well a Versions but the values need to be different in each

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Resources as well as Versions but the values need to be different in each
```

Author: done

  case. This is why the same attribute names can appear both the

>   `resourceattributes` and `attributes` lists, but only specification defined

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `resourceattributes` and `attributes` lists, but only specification-defined
```

(Very optional suggestion; I don't know enough about the style of the spec in terms of hyphenation.)

Author: done - where's @lailabougria ??? :-)

>   attributes are allow to have this naming conflict. Extensions are not, as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  attributes are allowed to have this naming conflict. Extensions are not, as
```

Author: done

  that could lead to confusion for users.
- Finally, in the vast majority of cases it is expected that models will only
  need to define Version-level attributes, leaving the more advanced uses of
  Resource and Meta-level attributes to default to the specification defined
  sets. For this reason, the Version-level attributes use a list called

>   `attributes` as that would make user creation of the model easier, leaving

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `attributes` in order to make user creation of the model easier, leaving
```

(Because "as that would" sounds like it's something that isn't actually the case. I may have misunderstood though.

Author: done- I like it
